README.md, before:

# MplusLedger

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/wow-7.3-brightgreen.svg" alt="Up to date with WoW 7.3 Legion" />

> This addon is currently under active development and is in Alpha stage testing. You will likely encounter bugs, 
> particularly in the UI as it is has not been fully designed or implemented. If you install this addon in its 
> current stage please ensure that you review the TESTING.md document.

A World of Warcraft addon to help you track and analyze data about your Mythic+ runs. After you install the addon you can 
run the command `/mplus show` to see the ledger detailing information about your past M+ runs and your current M+, 
if applicable. Run `/mplus help` to see a list of all available commands.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Y8aDrjP.png" alt="View of History tab for Mythic+ dungeons previously ran with addon installed" />
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/QRqb0GJ.png" alt="View of the Current Dungeon tab when you are not in a Mythic+ dungeon" />
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/g9FKJWU.png" alt="View of the commands available to MplusLedger" />

**This addon DOES NOT track your progress or timer through a M+ that you're currently running. Please check out 
[Angry Keystones](https://mods.curse.com/addons/wow/angry-keystones) or [Gotta go Fast](https://mods.curse.com/addons/wow/gottagofast) 
if you are looking for this kind of functionality.**

## Installation Instructions

Until the addon has hit a 1.0 phase it will not be available through Curse and manual installations from GitHub will 
be required. If you check out the [Releases](https://github.com/velukh/MplusLedger/releases) page you can get a zip 
file of the current version. You can then copy/paste this folder into your Addons directory and you should see MplusLedger
in your list of addons.

## TODOS

There are many things I'd like to add to MplusLedger and plan to do so as time permits. Below is the list of items that 
we'd like to add to the addon over time.

- [ ] Drastically improve the UI to improve experience and amount of information displayed
- [ ] Add ability to store a player and party's gear set, talents, and buffs when a M+ starts
- [ ] Add a supplemental website to upload and backup your MplusLedger data

Commit message:

add testing and bug reporting docs

README.md, after:

# MplusLedger

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/wow-7.3-brightgreen.svg" alt="Up to date with WoW 7.3 Legion" />

> This addon is currently under active development and is in Alpha stage testing. You will likely encounter bugs, 
> particularly in the UI as it is has not been fully designed or implemented. If you install this addon in its 
> current stage please ensure that you review the TESTING.md document.

A World of Warcraft addon to help you track and analyze data about your Mythic+ runs. After you install the addon you can 
run the command `/mplus show` to see the ledger detailing information about your past M+ runs and your current M+, 
if applicable. Run `/mplus help` to see a list of all available commands.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Y8aDrjP.png" alt="View of History tab for Mythic+ dungeons previously ran with addon installed" />
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/QRqb0GJ.png" alt="View of the Current Dungeon tab when you are not in a Mythic+ dungeon" />
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/g9FKJWU.png" alt="View of the commands available to MplusLedger" />

**This addon DOES NOT track your progress or timer through a M+ that you're currently running. Please check out 
[Angry Keystones](https://mods.curse.com/addons/wow/angry-keystones) or [Gotta go Fast](https://mods.curse.com/addons/wow/gottagofast) 
if you are looking for this kind of functionality.**

## Installation Instructions

Until the addon has hit a 1.0 phase it will not be available through Curse and manual installations from GitHub will 
be required. If you check out the [Releases](https://github.com/velukh/MplusLedger/releases) page you can get a zip 
file of the current version. You can then copy/paste this folder into your Addons directory and you should see MplusLedger
in your list of addons.

## Problems or Bugs

If you encounter any problems or bugs please submit an [issue to this repository](https://github.com/velukh/MplusLedger/issues) 
or if you do not have a GitHub profile you may also submit [an issue without a GitHub account](https://gitreports.com/issue/velukh/MplusLedger).

Please note that it is highly recommended that you use the GitHub issues directly as this is the only officially supported 
means to submit problems or suggestions and receive feedback from the developer. Additionally you will be able to sumibt 
iamges with your problem and that is highly recommended. The Git Reports link is merely a convenience to post issues on 
GitHub; if this link becomes abused or mistreated I may deactivate anonymous issue reporting altogether.  

**Any issue posted on any other service will not receive feedback from the developer.**

## TODOS

There are many things I'd like to add to MplusLedger and plan to do so as time permits. Below is the list of items that 
we'd like to add to the addon over time.

- [ ] Drastically improve the UI to improve experience and amount of information displayed
- [ ] Add ability to store a player and party's gear set, talents, and buffs when a M+ starts
- [ ] Provide ability to export data as a JSON object
- [ ] Add a supplemental website to upload and backup your MplusLedger data
